what's up guys this is daniel this is
another episode of this pack opening
series with a live commentary we have
ultimate team happy hours so twice a
chance of getting informed team of the
year player which will be league one and
rest of the world team of the year and
so twice a chance means it's like a
point zero zero zero one percent chance
but we'll see if we can you know lane
and inform my favorite player and
ultimate team will Sondra Lopez there's
an 88 version of him out right now and
that would be sweet to have him but guys
this first pack it's like a bunch of
developmental cards and so I just
thought of zinedine zidane I saw that
guy but um whatever I don't think any of
these players so so he will send these
development cards to the trade
palliative try to get a little bit of
our coins back I don't know if L so
that's likely not okay so I've only open
packs on a happy hour like of one other
time I didn't get anything so maybe it's
just a scam I don't know but then I see
like kill Hollywood's pack opening
series on a mission of sports and he
gets like 32 informs in one pack and
crap like that so I want that to happen
to me because my total is approaching a
100,000 coin loss so yeah that's not
good and we need to make some of those
coins back for my bank account goes
bad but second pack here oh I see that I
got a pay Reina so he'll probably self a
little bit but definitely not enough to
cover the cost of this pack and yep
other than that I didn't get anything
else so guys i will add up these totals
and i'll talk to you in a second alright
guys so here are the totals from those
two packs that I opened the discards
plus the development cards and then plus
the pepe reina which is nice because he
was in the 442 formation as you guys
know those players sell for a lot more
so he went for 60 100 coins which still
doesn't cover the packs the cost of the
packs obviously so those totals minus
the two packs minus the previous totals
from the last six episodes gives me a
whopping final loss of 95,000 296 coins
a womp womp and so guys I hope you
enjoyed this though and you know I'll
continue the series but guys if you do
have any suggestions any changes for the
series leave that in the comments
section and as always thanks for
watching